Fix/auth settings global link (#10078)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/docs/guides/with-flutter.mdx

Now that we have the dependencies installed let's setup deep links so users who have logged in via magic link or OAuth can come back to the app.

> 1. Go to [Authentication Settings](https://app.supabase.com/project/_/settings/auth) in the Dashboard.
> 1. In **Redirect URLs**, add `io.supabase.flutterquickstart://login-callback/` as a new domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `io.supabase.flutterquickstart://login-callback/` as a new [redirect URL](https://app.supabase.com/project/_/auth/url-configuration) in the Dashboard.
```
